README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# HTML form page 

## Definition 

Bootsrap is a framework to make standard stylings using appropriate built-in bootstrap classes. It has various responsive classes which applies for different medias screen sizes. It is extensively used in
this project using the bootstrap cdn link and scripts. 

## About the Project 

This project is about building a replica of NewsWeek page using bootstrap framework and making it responsive.

![screenshot](assets/screencapture-file-home-henok-Documents-NewsWeek-page-bootstrap-clone-index-html-2020-10-22-06_22_45.png)

The features of this project are listed as below:
1. Has responsive header with three nav elements and with hidden elements feature in differnt media queries
2. Has different sections with reponsive features 
3. Has different sections with re-ordering features for different media queries 
4. Has sections with sticky bootstrap class 

## Built With
- [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

- [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
- Bootstrap4

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://henatan99.github.io/NewsWeek-page-bootstrap-clone/)


## Getting Started

**Just clone this repo and open index.html file in your browser then you are good to go.**


**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.**

### clone the repo.


## Authors

👤 **Henok Mossissa**

- GitHub: [@henatan99](https://github.com/henatan99)
- Twitter: [@henatan99](https://twitter.com/henatan99)
- LinkedIn: [Henok Mossissa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henok-mekonnen-2a251613/)

👤 **Arrey Tabe**

- GitHub: [@ArreyTabe](https://github.com/ArreyTabe)
- Twitter: [@tabe-arrey](https://twitter.com/tabe_arrey)
- LinkedIn: [ArreyTabe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arrey-affuembey-80a8b11a8/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Some icons used from [iconify](https://iconify.design/)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Changes made based on TSE's review

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# HTML form page 

## Definition 

Bootsrap framework is used in this project to make standard stylings using appropriate built-in bootstrap classes. It has various responsive classes which applies for different medias screen sizes. The bootstrap cdn link and scripts are included in the html file. 

## About the Project 

This project is about building a replica of NewsWeek page using bootstrap framework and making it responsive.

![screenshot](assets/screencapture-127-0-0-1-5500-index-html-2020-10-23-15_21_45.png)

The features of this project are listed as below:
1. Has responsive header with three nav elements and with hidden elements feature in differnt media queries
    - The top nav has the logo, date, subscribe, serach , user icon and menu icon
    - The second and third nav bars have nav links and they are hidden elements for mobile view and d-none and d-block bootstrap classes are used for the responsiveness
2. Main section has two row sections 
    i) The first section with grid feature of row class wraps three sections which are full width in mobile view, col-5 and col-7 widths in tablet view and col-3, col-6 and col-3 widths. Responsvie bootstrap classes are used. 
        - The sections are also has re-ordering responsive features when screen size changes 
        - The middle section has position sticky, sticky-top feature in the md and lg screens
    ii) The second section wraps the sections with aside elements, the magazine section, the editor's pick section and the subscribe-newsleter section.     
3. The footer section has the news-week logo, nav list elements, copy-right and social media links
    - The nav lists are layed out by row-wrap bootstrap class


## Built With
- [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

- [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
- Bootstrap4

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://henatan99.github.io/NewsWeek-page-bootstrap-clone/)


## Getting Started

**Just clone this repo and open index.html file in your browser then you are good to go.**


**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.**

### clone the repo.


## Authors

👤 **Henok Mossissa**

- GitHub: [@henatan99](https://github.com/henatan99)
- Twitter: [@henatan99](https://twitter.com/henatan99)
- LinkedIn: [Henok Mossissa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henok-mekonnen-2a251613/)

👤 **Arrey Tabe**

- GitHub: [@ArreyTabe](https://github.com/ArreyTabe)
- Twitter: [@tabe-arrey](https://twitter.com/tabe_arrey)
- LinkedIn: [ArreyTabe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arrey-affuembey-80a8b11a8/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Some icons used from [iconify](https://iconify.design/)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
